SUBVERSION PRE-COMMIT KITCHEN SINK HOOK
=======================================

This Subversion pre-commit hook is refered to as the "kitchen sink" hook
because it does so many different things:

* DEFINE COMMIT ACCESS: This hook (like so many other hooks) allow you
  to define access via a control file. In fact, I took the general
  format of this hook's control file via another Subversion pre-commit
  hook.

* SPECIAL PERMISSION FOR TAGS: However, the reason I wrote this hook in
  the first place had to do with tags. In Subversion, you can create and
  modify a tag. In fact, it's pretty easy to do, and sort of hard to
  detect. That means tags, which should be generally immutable aren't
  immutable. Most pre-commit hooks I ran into allowed you to take away
  commit access on the tags directory, but that means you can't create a
  tag.

  This hook has a special "add-only" permission. This allows you to
  create a directory (as in "svn cp"), but not modify any files under
  that directory. That means users can create a tag, but not modify that
  tag.

* GROUP DEFINITIONS: In most hooks, you could only define individual
  users with permissions. That means if Bob moves from one group to
  another, you might have to go through the whole control.int file
  moving Bob's permissions from one project to another. Instead, you can
  define groups, and give these groups permission. When Bob moves from
  one group to another, all you need to do is move Bob from one group to
  another.

  Even better, this hook can read group definitions from LDAP and
  Windows Active Directory via LDAP. That means you can use your Windows
  Active Directory groups to define permissions.

* EVEN MORE SPECIAL PERMISSIONS: I've had quite a few special requests
  for permissions and added them to this hook:
      * no-delete: Users can modify, but not delete a file
      * no-add: Users can modify an existing file, but not add one if it
        doesn't already exist.

* PROPERTY CHECKS: One of the nice things about Subversion are
  properties that can be added to the file (or to the revision). This
  hook can be used to make sure that particular properties are set on
  particular files, and are set to particular values. For example, PDF
  files should have the attribute "svn:mime-type" set to
  "application/pdf". Or, that shell scripts must have the property
  "svn:eol-style" set to "LF", or else they could fail. You can now
  enforce these particular property settings.

  You can also set revision properties. This is especially useful with
  "svn:log" which is the commit message.  You could make sure it
  contains a bug-id, or that it is at least 10 characters long (which
  is long enough to make sure developers put on a decent commit
  message).

* BAN NAMES: You can ban users from creating certain file names. For
  example, in a mixed Unix/Windows environment, you can prevent a file
  called "aux.java" (which is a valid name in Unix, but invalid for
  Windows) from being created.

* NEVER HAVE TO LOG INTO THE SUBVERSION REPOSITORY SERVER AGAIN: You can
  now store the control file that controls these permissions right
  inside the repository. That means, as permissions change, you can
  simply checkout the control file, change the permissions, and then
  check in the new control file. You no longer have to log into the
  server, find the repository, and modify the control.ini file under the
  hooks directory.

  So, what prevents a user from modifying this file and granting
  themselves permission? Simple, you use this hook not to give them
  permission to edit this control file!

========================================================================

The following documentation is generated by the various pod2text commands
found in your Perl installation. The following commands are valid:

    * pod2text - Creates pure ascii text documentation
    * pod2man  - Creates nroff formated documentation for manpages
    * pod2html - Creates HTML formatted documentation
    * pod2latex - Creates Latex formatted documentation

The "perdoc" command will also generate this documentation:

   $ perdoc pre-commit-kitchen-sink-hook.pl

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NAME
    pre-commit-kitchensink-hook.pl

SYNOPSIS
        pre-commit-kitchen-sink-hook.pl [-file <ctrlFile>] \\
            [-fileloc <cntrlFile>] (-r<revision>|-t<transaction>) \\
            [-svnlook <svnlookCmd>] [<repository>]

        pre-commit-kitchen-sink-hook.pl -help

        pre-commit-kitchen-sink-hook.pl -options

DESCRIPTION
    This is a Subversion pre-commit hook that can check for several issues
    at once:

    * This hook can verify that a particular user has permission to change a
      file. The file can be specified as either a *glob* or *regex* format.
      Even better, you can also specify an *ADD-ONLY* setting that allows
      you to create tags via an "svn copy", but won't allow you to modify
      the files in that directory. This protects tags from being modified by
      a user.

    * This hook can verify that a particular property has a particular value
      and has been set on a particular file. You can specify the files via
      *regex* or *glob* format, and you can specity the value of the
      property either via a *string*, *regex*, or *numeric* value.

    * This hook can prevent the user from adding files with banned names.
      For example, in Windows you cannot have a file that starts with "aux"
      or "prn" or "con". You also can't have file names that have ":", "^",
      and several other types of characters in them. You may also want to
      ban file names that have spaces in them since these tend to cause
      problems with some utilities. This only affects newly added or renamed
      files, and not current files.

    * This hook can also verify that particular revision properties are set.
      However, this only works on Subversion release 1.5 or greater. But,
      since Subversion release 1.4 is no longer supported, you really
      shouldn't be using releases older than 1.5 anyway.

    This hook works through a control file that is in standard Windows
    Inifile format (described below). This allows you to set permissions and
    other changes without having to modify this program itself.

OPTIONS
  Control File Definition
    The *Control File* controls the way this hook operates. It can control
    the permissions you're granting to various users, your group
    definitions, what names are not allowed in your repository, and the
    properties associated with the file and revision.

    There are two places where the control file can be stored. The first is
    inside the Subversion repository server as a physical text file. This
    keeps the control file away from prying eyes. Unfortunately, it means
    that you must have login access to the repository server in order to
    maintain the file.

    The other place is inside the repository itself. This makes it easy to
    maintain. Plus, since it's in a Subversion repository, you'll see who
    changed this file, when, and why. That can be nice for auditing.
    Unfortunately, this file will be visible to everyone. If you have an
    LDAP password in that file, you'll be exposing that password to all of
    your users.

    You are allowed to use either a physcial control file, a control file
    stored in the repository, or both. You must have at least one or the
    other defined.

    Format of the control file is discussed below. See "CONTROL FILE LAYOUT"

    -file     The location of the physical text control file stored on the
              Subversion repository server. Normally, this is kept in the
              hooks directory under the Subversion repository directory.

    -fileloc  The location fo the control file inside the Subversion
              repository. This should use the "svnlook" format. For exmaple,
              if you have a directory called control under the root of your
              repository, and inside, your control file is called
              "control.ini", the value of this parameter would be
              /control/control.ini.

  Other Options
    -r        The Subversion repository revision. Normally, this is only
              used for testing purposes since you really want the
              transaction number of the commit and not the revision number.
              Good for testing. This parameter cannot be used at the same
              time as the "-t" parameter.

    -t        The Subversion repository Transaction Number. This is passed
              to the scrip pre-commit found in the Repository's hook
              directory as a parameter. You need to modify the pre-commit
              script to pass the transaction number to this script.

    -svnlook  This is the full path to the svnlook command. The full path is
              needed because for security reasons, the "PATH" environment
              variable is empty when the hook is executed. Default is
              /usr/bin/svnlook.

    -help     Prints a helpful message showing the different parameters used
              in running this pre-commit hook script.

    -options  Prints a helpful message showing a detailed explanation of the
              different parameters used in running this pre-commit hook
              script.

    <repository>
              The location of the Subversion repository's physical
              directory. Default is the parent directory.

CONTROL FILE LAYOUT
    The hook is controlled by a user defined control file. The control is in
    Windows' IniFile layout. This layout consists of *Comments*, *Section
    Headings*, and *Parameter Lines*.

  Comments
    Comment lines begin with either a "#", or a ";" or a "'". Blank lines
    are also ignored. All other lines must either be a Parameter Line or a
    Section Heading.

  Basic Layout
    The basic layout is a Section Heading followed by a bunch of Parameter
    Lines.

    Section headings are enclosed in square brackets. The first word in a
    section heading is the type of section it is (Group, File, Property,
    Revprop, or Ban). The rest is a description of that section heading. For
    example:

        [File Users may not modify a tag.]

    In the above example, the section is *File* and the description is
    *Users may not modify a tag.*.

    Unlike in "IniFile" in Config, the descriptions don't have to be unique.
    However, the descriptions are used in user error messages, so be sure to
    put in a good description that is user friendly. For example:

        [File Only approved users may modify the Control File]

    is a better section heading than:

        [File Read-only on Control.properties]

    Under each section is a series of Parameter lines that apply to that
    section.

    Parameter Lines are in the form of

        <Key> = <Value>

    where *Key* is the parameter key, and *Value* is the value for that
    parameter. Notice that the two are separated by an equal sign. Spaces
    around the equal sign are optional, and the *Value* is the entire line
    including spaces on the end of the line, so be careful.

    The layouts of the various sections and their permitted parameters are
    explained below. Note that section type names and parameter keys are
    case insensitive.

   Group
    This is used to define user groups which can be used to define file
    permissions. This makes it easier to keep track of file permissions as
    people move from project to project. You only have to change the group
    definition.

    The section layout is thus:

        [GROUP <GroupName>]
        users = <ListOfUsers>

    The "GroupName" is the name of the group. Group names should be composed
    of just letters, numbers, and underscores, and should contain no white
    space. Group names are case insensitive.

    User names in this hook substitute an underscore for a space and ignore
    case For example, if the user signs into Subversion as *john doe*, their
    user name will become *JOHN_DOE*. User names cannot start with an *at
    sign* (@).

    The "ListOfUsers" is either a whitespace or comma separated list of user
    names. This list can also contain the names of other groups. However,
    the groups are calculated from the top of the control file to the
    bottom, so if group "A" is contained inside group "B", you must define
    group "A" before you define group "B".

        [GROUP developers]
        users = larry, moe, curly

        [group admins]
        users = tom, dick, harry

        [group foo]
        users = @developers, @admins, @bar, alice

        [group bar]
        users = bob, ted, carol

    In the above example, everyone in group *DEVELOPERS* and group *ADMINS*
    is in group *FOO*. However, members of group *BAR* won't be included.

   File
    A file Section Heading starts with the word "file" and an explanation of
    that section. It then consists of the following parameters:

    match  A Perl style expanded regular expression matching the files that
           are affected by this permission definition. Note this cannot be
           used with the "file" parameter.

           If the "match" string contains the text <USER>, this text will be
           substituted by the name of the user from the "svnlook author"
           command. This is done to allow you to create special user
           directories or files that only that user can modify. For example:

               [FILE Users can only modify their own watchfiles]
               match = ^/watchfiles/.*
               access = read-only
               users = @ALL

               [FILE Allow user to edit their own watchfiles]
               match = ^/watchfiles/<USER>\.cfg$
               access = read-write
               users = @ALL

           The above will prevent users from modifying each other watch
           files, but will allow them to modify their own watch files.

           Word o' Warning: This script normalizes user ID to all caps. This
           means that if the user name is *bob*, it will become *BOB*. Thus,
           *<USER>* also becomes BOB.

    file   An Ant style globbing expression matching the files that are
           affected by this permission definition. This cannot be used with
           the "match" parameter.

           Regular expressions are much more flexible, but most people are
           not too familiar with them. In a file glob expression, an
           asterisk (*) represents any number of characters inside of a
           directory. Double asterisk (**) are used to represent any number
           of directory levels. A single quesion mark (?) represents any
           character. All glob expressions are anchored to the front of the
           line and the back of the line.

           Therefore:

               file = *.jpg

           does not mean any file that end with "jpg", but only files in the
           root of the repository that end with "jpg". To mean all files,
           you need to unanchor the glob expression as thus:

               file = **/*.jpg

           Notice too that directory names will end with a final slash which
           is a great way to distinguish between a file being added or
           deleted and a directory being added or deleted. For example:

               file = /tags/*/

           will refer only to directories that are subdirectories directly
           under the tags directory, and not to files. You'll see this is a
           great way to protect your tagged versions from being modified
           when access is discussed below.

           If the "file" string contains the text "<USER>", this text will
           be substituted by the name of the user from the "svnlook author"
           command. This is done to allow you to create special user
           directories or files that only that user can modify. For example:

               [FILE Users can only modify their own watchfiles]
               file = /watchfiles/**
               access = read-only
               users = @ALL

               [FILE Allow user to edit their own watchfiles]
               file = /watchfiles/<USER>.cfg
               access = read-write
               users = @ALL

           The above will prevent users from modifying each other watch
           files, but will allow them to modify their own watch files.

    users  A list of all users who are affected by this type of access.
           Groups can be used in a user list if preceeded by an *at sign*
           (@). There is one special group called @ALL that represents all
           users.

    access The access permission on that file. Notice that there is no
           permission for preventing a user from seeing the contents of the
           file, only for changing the file. This is because the trigger is
           on the "commit" and not on "checkout". If you need to prevent
           people from seeing the file, you must do this with your
           repository access.

           Access is determined in a top down fashion in the control file.
           The first entry might take a particular user's ability to commit
           changes to a particular file, but a section further down might
           allow that same user the ability to commit changes to that same
           file. While the third might remove it again.

           Access is granted or denied by the last matching access grant.

           read-write
                     Files marked as "read-write" means that the user may
                     commit changes to the file. They can add a new file or
                     directory by that name, delete it, or modify it.

           read-only Files marked as "read-only" means that the user cannot
                     commit changes to that file. The user is not allowed to
                     create, delete, or modify this file.

           no-delete Files marked as "no-delete" allow the user to modify
                     and even create the file, but not delete the file. This
                     is good for a file that needs to be modified, but you
                     don't want to be removed.

           no-add    Files marked as "no-add" allow the user to modify the
                     file if it already exists, and are allowed to delete a
                     file if it already exists, but they are not allowed to
                     add a new file to the repository. This is combined with
                     the no-delete option above to allow people to modify
                     files, but not to add new files or delete old ones from
                     the repository.

           add-only  This is a special access permission that will allow a
                     user to add, but not modify a file with that matching
                     pattern or regex. This is mainly used to ensure that
                     tags may be created but not modified. For example, if
                     you have a "/tags" directory, you can do this:

                         [FILE Users cannot modify any tags]
                         file = /tags/**
                         access = read-only
                         user = @ALL

                         [FILE Users can add tags to the tag directory]
                         file = /tags/*/
                         access = add-only
                         user = @ALL

                     The first File section removes the user's ability to
                     make any changes in the "/tags" directory. The second
                     File section allows users to only add directories
                     directly under the "/tags" directory. Thus, a user can
                     do something like this:

                         $ svn cp svn://localhost/trunk svn://localhost/tags/V-1.3

                     to tag version 1.3 of the source, but then can't
                     modify, add, or delete any files under the
                     "/tags/V-1.3" directory. Also, users cannot do
                     something like this:

                         $ svn cp svn://localhost/trunk svn://localhost/tags/V-1.3/BOGUS

                     because the ability to copy a directory is only allowed
                     in the "/tags/" directory and no subdirectory.

                     Nor, can a user do this:

                         $ touch tags/foo.txt
                         $ svn add tags/foo.txt
                         $ svn commit -m"Adding a file to the /tags directory"

                     Since only directories can be added to the "/tags"
                     directory.

    case   This is an optional parameter and its only valid value is
           *ignore*. This allows you to ignore case when looking at file
           names. For example:

               [file Bob can edit our batch files]
               file = **/*.bat
               access = read-write
               users = bob
               case = ignore

           This will match every Batch file with a suffix of **.bat* or
           **.BAT* or even **.Bat* and **.BaT*.

   Property
    This section allows you to set what properties and what those property
    values must be on a particular set of files. The section heading looks
    like this:

        [property <purpose>]

    Where "purpose" is the purpose of that property. This is used as an
    error message if a file fails to have a required property or that
    property is set to the wrong value. The following parameters are used:

    match  A Perl style expanded regular expression matching the files that
           are affected by this property. Note this cannot be used with the
           "file" parameter.

    file   A glob type expression matching the files that are affected by
           this property. Note this cannot be used with the "match"
           parameter.

    case   An optional parameter and the only permitted value is *ignore*.
           This means to ignore the case of file names (not property values!
           They're still case sensitive)

    property
           The name of the property that should be on this file.

    value  The value the property should have. Note that this can be either
           a string, a number of a regular expression that the value should
           match. This is determined by the *type* parameter.

    type   The type of value that the *value* parameter actually contains.
           This can be "string", "number", or "regex".

   Revprop
    This section allows you to set what revision properties and what those
    property values must be when committing a revision.

        [revprop <purpose>]

    Where "purpose" is the purpose of that property. This is used as an
    error message if the revision fails to have a required revision property
    or that property is set to the wrong value.

    The Revision property of "svn:log" is a special revision property that
    all Subversion clients and server versions can use. This is set by the
    "-m" parameter in the "svn commit" command. This can be used to verify
    that the commit log message is in the correct format.

    Here is an example:

        [revprop Users must have at least 10 characters of a commit message]
        property = svn:log
        value = ^.{10,}
        type = REGEX

    The above requires a user to create an at least 10 character commit
    message when committing a change. This will prevent a user from leaving
    a null message. You can get even more complex and imaginative:

        [revprop Users must include a Jira ticket number with a commit, or NONE]
        property = svn:log
        value = ^(NONE)|(([A-Z]{3,4}-\d+(,\s+)?)+):.{10,}
        type = REGEX

    Imagine you have a ticketing system where ticket numbers start with a
    three or four capital letter issue type, followed by a dash, followed by
    an issue number (much like Jira). The above will require a user to list
    one or more comma separated issue IDs, followed by a colon and a space.
    If there is no issue ID, the user can use the word "NONE". This has to
    be followed by at least a ten character description. The following would
    be valid commit comments:

        NONE: Fixed the indentation of a few files.
        FOO-123: Added a new format to match the specs
        BAR-334, BAZ-349: Fixed the display bug

    While the following wouldn't be allowed:

        Fixed stuff
        AAAA
        FOO-123: SSDd

    If both the client and server run a release of Subversion 1.5 or
    greater, you can use other revision properties on a commit.

    Revision properties are set with the "--with-revprop" on the "svn
    commit" command. Revision properties other than "svn:log" can only be
    used when the Subversion client and server revisions are 1.5 or newer.

    WARNING: Users with a Subversion client older than 1.5 won't be allowed
    to commit changes if revision properties other than "svn:log" are
    required.

    property
           The name of the revision property that should be set in this
           revision.

    value  The value the revprop should have. Note that this can be either a
           string, a number of a regular expression that the value should
           match. This is determined by the *type* parameter.

    type   The type of value that the *value* parameter actually contains.
           This can be "string", "number", or "regex".

   Ban
        This section allows you to ban certain file names when you add a new
        file. For example, in Unix, a file can be called C<aux.java>, but
        such a name would be illegal in Windows. 

        The section heading looks like this:

        [ban <description>]

        where E<lt>descriptionE<gt> is the description of that ban. This is
        returned to the user when a banned name is detected.

    match  A Perl style regular expression matching the banned names. Note
           this cannot be used with the "file" parameter.

    file   An Ant style globbing expression that matches the banned names.
           Note this cannot be used with the "item" parameter.

    case   This is an optional parameter. If set to *ignore*, it will ignore
           the case in file names.

   Ldap
    This section defines an LDAP server for the purposes of pulling of LDAP
    groups to use in this hook. For example, if you have a Windows Active
    Directory server, you could use your Windows groups to put users into
    groups for this particular hook.

    Due to the complexities of the LDAP query and the wide variety used by
    various groups, it is somewhat necessary to play loose and fast with the
    way attributes work.

    The section heading will look like this:

        [ldap <ldapURI or server>]

    Where the name of the LDAP server (or full URI can be contained in the
    section name.

    ldap:xxxxx
           This allows you to further define how to do ldap binding. The
           "xxxx" is the option in the Net::LDAP constructor. For example,
           "ldap:scheme" will be the *scheme* option in the Net::LDAP
           constructor. The most common ones are:

           * ldap:password

             The password for the ldap server

           * ldap:scheme

             This could be ldap or ldaps

           * ldap:port

             The port number for LDAP.

    bind   The *Distinguished Name* used by the LDAP server for *binding*
           (logging in) to the ldap server. If not given, anonymous binding
           will be done.

    bind:xxxx
           This is an option used in the bind method in the Net::LDAP class.
           The most common ones are:

           * bind:password

             The password for the Distinguish name.

    filter This is the attribute you are filtering on via the Ldap name of
           the user. In Windows Active Directory, this is usually something
           like "sAMAccountName".

           This is used by the *search* method of the Net::LDAP module. For
           example, let's say that you've filtered on "sAMAccountName" for
           Ldap user "johnsmith". The call to the Net::LDAP search method
           will look something like this:

               my $search = $ldap->search(filter => "sAMAccountName=johnsmith");

    search:xxxxxx
           Other attributes to use for the search method. Common ones are

           * search:attrs

             A list of attributes to return.

    groupAttr
           The attribute in the member LDAP record that contains the group
           names. It is normally "memberOF" in Window's ActiveDirectory.

    regex  When LDAP returns a group, it returns the full *Common Name* for
           that group. Normally, you only want the first part of the name.
           For example, the LDAP *CN* might be:

               CN=AppTeam,OU=Groups,OU=Accounts,DC=mycorp,DC=com

           but you want just the *AppTeam* as the group name. You can use
           this to pinpoint the group name in the expression. You use
           parentheses to mark the place in the regular expression where you
           will find the name of the group. For example, the following will
           pinpoint the name of the group (*AppTeam*) in the above
           expression:

                   regex = ^[^=]+=([^,]+)

           Note that the quoting slashes are not around the regular
           expression. DO NOT INCLUDE THEM!. Otherwise, your group anames
           will be messed up.

           In fact, the above regular expression is pretty much the
           stanadard one that you will use.

           Note that the group name will be *normalized* which means that it
           will be uppercased and blanks will be replaced by underscores.

   LDAP Example
    Here's an example of what an LDAP section might look like. It pretty
    much follows what someone who uses Windows Active Directory for
    corporate access.

            [ldap ldap://ldapserver.mycorp.com:389]
            bind = CN=subversion,OU=Users,OU=Accounts,DC=mycorp,DC=com
            bind:password = Sw0rdfi$h
            filter = sAMAccountName
            groupAttr = memberOf
            regex = ^CN=([^,]+),

AUTHOR
    David Weintraub <mailto:david@weintraub.name>

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (c) 2010 by David Weintraub. All rights reserved. This program
    is covered by the open source BMAB license.

    The BMAB (Buy me a beer) license allows you to use all code for whatever
    reason you want with these three caveats:

    1.  If you make any modifications in the code, please consider sending
        them to me, so I can put them into my code.

    2.  Give me attribution and credit on this program.

    3.  If you're in town, buy me a beer. Or, a cup of coffee which is what
        I'd prefer. Or, if you're feeling really spendthrify, you can buy me
        lunch. I promise to eat with my mouth closed and to use a napkin
        instead of my sleeves.

