=head1 NAME

Section

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $section = Section->new( $type, $description ); #Must pass these two parameters!
    my $description = Section->description;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a class of B<Section> which represents a section of a control
file. A section has a section header and a set of parameters. 

This is really a superclass of various section types, and these section
types and each section type has its own list of valid parameters and
required parameters. Each subclass has its own way of reading its
parameter values. However, this superclass is used by all other classes
to set the parameter values, plus to pull of the sub-class description.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

    my $section->new( $type, $description );

The constructor requires two parameters, the section type which will be
the subclass of the section, and the description for that section. This
contructor actually creates a subclass of the Section class based upon
the C<$type> value. The C<$ype> value is case insensitive, but must be a
valid type which is determined by the various sub-classes.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item Description

    Sets/Gets description for the section

=item Control_file

Sets/Gets the Control file that contains the sections. This is later
used for error processing. This must be a valid C<Control_file> object
type.

=item Control_file_line

Sets/Gets the line number that this section definition appeared in the
control file. This is later used for error processing. This must be a
type I<Integer>.

=item Parameter

Sets/Gets the value of that parameter. This ends up calling the
sub-class method that actually sets the parameter. However, it does test
to verify that the method exists and will C<croak> if a method does not
exist in the subclass that sets this parameter. This takes two
parameters:

=over 4

=item Parameter

This is the parameter to set and matches the sub-class method that
sets/gets this parameter. This is case insensitive.

=item Value

This is the value of the parameter being set.

=back

=item Verify_parameters

Verifies that all parameters of a given section are correct. This takes
one parameters:

=over 4

=item List of Required Parameters

This is a reference to an array of required parameters. This method will
go through the list and verify that all required parameters exist. It
will also try all parameters and if there is an invalid parameter, this
method will C<croak>.

=back

=back
