=head1 NAME

Configuration

=head1 Synopsis

    my $config = Configuration->new;
    $config->Author( $author );
    my $user = $config->Author;		# Normalized
    my $ldap_cn = $config->Ldap_user;	# Original '$author'

=head1 Description

Saves the configuration information of the pre-commit hook.

=head1 CONSTRUCTORS

=head2 new

Creates a condigurtion object.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Author

Sets/Gets the Author as stated in the C<svnlook author> command. This
command returns a I<Normalize> name of the user. The name is lowercased
and underscores replace spaces. This is what is used in the F<User>
sections under the F<Group> and F<File> sections of the control file.

=head2 Ldap_user

Gets the LDAP user. Trying to set the LDAP user with this will cause
your program to I<croak>. This value is set by the L<Author> method.
You can use this method to set the value of the LDAP user's name, but it
is only used internally.

=head2 Set_author

This method runs the C<svnlook author> command to find the author, then
sets the name via the L<Author> and L<Ldap_user> method. It is
recommended to call this method to set the Author and not use the other
methods.

=head2 Repository

Sets/Gets the location of the Subversion repository directory. This is
passed in as the first parameter to the hook.

=head2 Rev_param

Sets/Gets the revision parameter. The parameter must start with either a
C<-r> or C<-t> or else, this will cause your program to I<croak>.

=head2 Svnlook

Sets/Gets the location of the C<svnlook> command.
