=head1 NAME

Section_group

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $sections = Section_group->new;
    $section->Add ( $section );

    my @ldap_sections = $section->Ldap;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An object used by the hook to gather the various sections type objects
into a single object structure.

Section objects are parsed in order from the top of the control file to
the bottom. Order is B<very important> and must be kept. This object
tracks the order of the various section objects, and returns the various
arrays of a particular section type when requested.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=head2 new

Creates a new C<Section_group> object. Takes no parameters.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Add

Adds a C<Section object> to the Section group object. This must be a
valid subclass of type C<Section>. Program will I<croak> if an invalid
Section object is passed.

=head2 Sections

Retrieves a list of the various Section_group methods below. It is
mainly used when you've finished parsing the control files and want to
verify your various parameters for each of the Secion objects that were
created. You can use this to go through all of your Section objec
subclasses.

    my @missing_params;
    for my $method ( $sections->Sections ) {
	for my $section ( $sections->$method ) {
	    eval { $section->Verify_parameters; };
	    if ($@) {
		my $control_file = $section->Control_file;
		my $line_number = $section->Control_file_line;
		( my $error = $@) =~ s/ at .*$//;
		push @parse_errors, Parse_error->new( $error, $control_file, $line_number);
	    }
	}
    }

=head2 Group

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::Group> objects.

=head2 File

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::File> objects.

=head2 Property

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::Property> objects.

=head2 Revprop

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::Revprop> objects.

=head2 Ban

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::Ban> objects.

=head2 Ldap

Retrieves an array or array reference of C<Section::Ldap> objects.
