=head1 NAME

Class  Section::File

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $section = Section->new( "file", $description );

    $section->File( $glob );
    my $regex = $section->Match;
    my $section->Parameter ( $parameter, $value );
    $section->Verify_parameters;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This subclass tracks what file are allowed to be modified and by whom.
If someone attempts to commit a change they are not authorized to make,
the commit wil be rejected.

This class is a subclass of C<Section> and inherits the C<Parameter> method
from that class.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

There is no constructor in this class. Instead, you create a class type
of C<Section> with the first parameter as I<ban>:

    my $file = Section->new( "file", $description );

See the constructor documentation in the C<Section> documentation.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 File

This method converts the glob pattern of the file name to ban, converts
it into a regular expression, and then calls the Match method to set it.
This method cannot retreive the value of the glob expression. Calling it
to retrieve a glob expression will cause your program to C<croak>.

Parameters:

=over 4

=item * Glob expression

This is the glob expression of the files you want to ban. Glob names are
anchored at the beginning and end, so you must take that into account
when you use a glob expression:

Wrong:

    $ban->File( "*.java" );

Right:

    $ban->File( "**/*.java" );

=back

=head2 Match

Sets and gets the regular expression that matches the file name you want
to ban.

=head2 Access

Sets and gets the user's access to this file. The following are the
valid settings. Case is not significant:

=over 4

=item * read-write

User has full permission to change this item.

=item * read-only

User has no permission to change this item.

=item * add-only

User can only add this item (via a C<svn cp>). This allows users to
create a tag, but not allow the tag to be edited.

=item * no-add

Users are allowed to modify the file, delete it, but users are not
allowed create a new directory or file.

=item * no-delete

Users are allowed to modify, but not delete the item.

=back

=head2 Users

Sets and gets a list of users. Setting is done via a string of
users that are comma or space separated. A list of users ( or a
reference to a list ) is retreived.

=head2 Case

Sets and gets whether or not the matching regular expression is case
sensitive or not. The two possible values  are:

=over 4

=item * Ignore

=item * Match

=back

If this is not set, it is assumed that character case is important in
the name of the file.

=head2 Verify_parameters

Verifies that all required parameters have been set, and all set
parameters are valid.

