=head1 NAME

Class  Section::Ldap

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $section = Section->new( "ldap", $description );

    $section->Parameter ( $parameter, $value );
    $section->Verify_parameters;
    $section->Ldap;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This subclass track what properties are required and for what files. If
someone attempts to commit a change without the correct property and
value the commit wil be rejected.

This class is a subclass of C<Section> and inherits the C<Parameter> method
from that class.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

There is no constructor in this class. Instead, you create a class type
of C<Section> with the first parameter as I<ban>:

    my $ldap = Section->new( "ldap", $description );

See the constructor documentation in the C<Section> documentation.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Description

Sets/Gets the decription. The description consists of one or more LDAP
server URLs. Multiple LDAP server URLs are allowed.

=head2 Username_attr

Sets/gets the LDAP attribute that will be used for the user name. This
is by default C<sAMAccountName>.

=head2 Group_attr

Sets/gets the attribute that contains the group membership information.
The default is C<memberOf>

=head2 Base

Sets/gets the LDAP Base DN.

=head2 User_dn

Sets/gets the LDAP User DN. If not set, Binding to the LDAP server will
be done anonymously.

=head2 Password

Sets/gets the password for the DLAP User DN in order to bind to the LDAP
server.

=head2 Search_base

Sets/gets the DN of the search base in the LDAP tree. If not set, will
search the entire tree. 

=head2 Timeout

Sets/gets the Timeout for contacting the LDAP server. If not set, the
default of five seconds will be used.

=head2 Ldap_groups

Retrieves all the LDAP groups the user belongs to. This will bind to the
LDAP server and do a search and fetch all groups that this user belongs
to.

=head2 Ldap

Retrieves the list of LDAP servers in either an array or an array
reference. This method gets its list from the L<Description> method, and
this method is used by the L<Ldap_groups> method.

=head2 Verify_parameters

Verifies that all required parameters have been set, and all set
parameters are valid.
