=head1 NAME

Class  Section::Property

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $section = Section->new( "property", $description );

    $section->File( $glob );
    my $regex = $section->Match;
    $section->Parameter ( $parameter, $value );
    $section->Verify_parameters;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This subclass track what properties are required and for what files. If
someone attempts to commit a change without the correct property and
value the commit wil be rejected.

This class is a subclass of C<Section> and inherits the C<Parameter> method
from that class.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

There is no constructor in this class. Instead, you create a class type
of C<Section> with the first parameter as I<ban>:

    my $property = Section->new( "property", $description );

See the constructor documentation in the C<Section> documentation.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 File

This method converts the glob pattern of the file name to ban, converts
it into a regular expression, and then calls the Match method to set it.
This method cannot retreive the value of the glob expression. Calling it
to retrieve a glob expression will cause your program to C<croak>.

Parameters:

=over 4

=item * Glob expression

This is the glob expression of the files you want to ban. Glob names are
anchored at the beginning and end, so you must take that into account
when you use a glob expression:

Wrong:

    $property->File( "*.java" );

Right:

    $property->File( "**/*.java" );

=back

=head2 Match

Sets and gets the regular expression that matches the file name you want
to ban.

=head2 Case

Sets and gets whether or not the matching regular expression is case
sensitive or not. The two possible values  are:

=over 4

=item * Ignore

=item * Match

=back

If this is not set, it is assumed that character case is important in
the name of the file.

=head2 Property

Sets/Gets the property that needs to be set on the file.

=head2 Value

Sets/Gets the value of that property.

=head2 Type

Sets/Gets the type of match expected between the property and the value.
The valid values are:

=over 4

=item * string

The property value  must equal the value of the string value.

=item * number

The property value must equal the value of the numeric value.

=item * regex

The property value must match the regular expression

=back

=head2 Verify_parameters

Verifies that all required parameters have been set, and all set
parameters are valid.
